Right now, all of the state in our application is
just an array full of different todo items.
But what if we wanted to add a little more functionality to our application?
So instead of just having and managing a todo list,
let's say we also wanted to manage a list of goals.
So our todo list would be more like day-to-day items,
and our list of goals would be more like long term goals.
So just as we did with our todo's reducer,
let's make a new reducer down here,
and we will call it goals.
It's going to take in the state and action.
And the first time goals is invoked when state is undefined,
we're going to set it to an empty array.
And then now again,
just as we did in todos,
we'll have a switch statement here switching on action.type.
This first case is going to be when the action.type property is ADD_GOAL,
and what we want to do is we'll say state.concat,
adding on the brand new goal.
And the second case is when the action type is REMOVE_GOAL,
and what we want to do in this case is really similar to
what we did up here with REMOVE_TODO.
So I'll just copy this,
and now this is going to be goal instead of todo.
And then as always,
we need a default case here,
which is just going to return the state that was parsed into it.
So now instead of just having a single reducer,
we now have two reducers,
todo as well as goals.
But, when we invoke createStore,
what we have to parse it,
is just a single reducer.